feat(docs): update content for post-weld execution-specs (#2662)
ethereum/execution-specs: docs/dev/deps_and_packaging.md

# Dependency Management and Packaging

EELS uses [`uv`](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/) to manage and pin its dependencies, and a minimum `uv>=0.7.0` is required.

## Workspace Layout

The repo is a `uv` workspace with two members, each defined by its own `pyproject.toml`:

| Package                      | `pyproject.toml`                                                                                                            | Contents                                                 |
| ---------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |
| `ethereum-execution`         | [`pyproject.toml`](https://github.com/ethereum/execution-specs/blob/master/pyproject.toml)                                  | The Python specs (`src/ethereum/`) and associated tools. |

> | `ethereum-execution-testing` | [`packages/testing/pyproject.toml`](https://github.com/ethereum/execution-specs/blob/master/packages/testing/pyproject.toml) | The EEST test framework under `packages/testing/`.       |

Reviewer: Currently github gives the following error with these links:
```
Branch not found, redirected to default branch. 
```
We could use `HEAD` instead perhaps:

```suggestion
| `ethereum-execution`         | [`pyproject.toml`](https://github.com/ethereum/execution-specs/blob/HEAD/pyproject.toml)                                  | The Python specs (`src/ethereum/`) and associated tools. |
| `ethereum-execution-testing` | [`packages/testing/pyproject.toml`](https://github.com/ethereum/execution-specs/blob/HEAD/packages/testing/pyproject.toml) | The EEST test framework under `packages/testing/`.       |
```

Author: Ah thanks for catching this! I missed these. HEAD is better, but I went with permalinks in the end to ensure that the links don't go stale if we move a file. That shouldn't happen of course... :upside_down_face: but docs have been known to go out-of-date.

> A single [`uv.lock`](https://github.com/ethereum/execution-specs/blob/master/uv.lock) at the repo root pins dependencies for both packages.

Reviewer: Same as previous comment, and potentially for all links in the documentation.
